---- Overview: ----

Important Note:
My image_placement & error_message methods both work fine, but for some reason when I call my image_placement method.
to display win/lose messages turtle shows the images when I don't quit the program. If quit() is uncommented 
the images are not shown, time.sleep() and quit() functions are executed and the program quits. 

I request the grader to comment/uncomment line 322 and/or 330
to check the functionality 

I consulted 2 TA's and both of them told me that it was a turtle issue
and I should not worry about it 

---- Design: ----

I opted for Object Oriented Design and used a single class - TurtlePlay, which handles all the functionality of the game.
I first created separate dictionaries for contents that I read from .puz files and loaded these dictionaries into my class.
Then I created a frame on a turtle screen that has separate areas for the gameboard, leaderboard, and buttons.
For my game board I created a nested list filled with '#' in the inner elements, this list represents a (N x N) grid.
I updated the game board with turtle objects representing the pics of the images of the puzzle (in a solved configuration),
based on the user's selection of the puzzle.

For Swapping the tiles, I kept a track of the empty square position and checked if the adjacent tile is actually adjacent, if 
that was the case then I changed the tiles inside my gameboard's nested list and redrew the board every time a swap happened. 
To check the win loose conditions first I kept a track of the solved board's lists elements when I initially drew the board 
(in my create_tiles method) for a default/new puzzle by saving them in a new list, then I compared that list's elements with the 
current board's list by comparing strings of the two turtle objects. 

---- Source Files: ----

All files same plus two new addigtions the button gifs folder which has resized images of the buttons (a new image was used for the reset button)
and the splash_screen_big.gif file which I placed in the resources folder

---- Citations/References/Shoutouts ----

Shoutout to Jared Grabber for helping me out with my leaderboard. 